hey youtubers so today 70 to 200 2.8 by
Sigma unboxing yesterday I did a video
basically saying for me to do this video
add a couple of people say leave likes
it so I'm going to do this one and
whenever when I get the thirty
five-millimeter I will do a video on
that as well and a lot so do some
reviews so stick around and you may
Larkin you may not feel free to comment
or Kasai and I will listen to the
viewers I'm also asking for blind box
suggestions so if you've got any
suggestions feel free to comment and
I'll look into it
not Kidrobot like I am looking into the
treasons serves to just gonna look for a
UK seller at the moment so anyway enough
for that let's get this one box first
full packaging really nice there's two
versions of this these one with image
stabilisation one without the one with
it was about 800 pound this one isn't
and it's 450 pounds so I was going to
get the image stabilisation one and
instead I got this the Nikon 35 a camera
bag at the tripod back so more bang for
you buck in my opinion really looking
forward to this so see what you get
inside of course you get your manual
should warranty kill off that sort of
stuff
strap and plastic so it's not metal I
fit the Nikon one the proper Nikon one
comes with metal I'm not sure but here
it is by the box first of all really
nice bag nice and padded say Sigma on
the front just usual type of bag for
this off the lens and just get this open
so I'm not sure if you can see there but
the bag does have padding
yeah you can kind of see the bag does
have padding no idea if you should take
the heart or not we shall see I don't
even think I'm going to use the bag to
be honest we'll see what happens
so the lens itself very nice first of
all it's quite weighty I'm using the
1855 VR kit lens and yeah this is like
peanut calm bed compared to a car if you
ask me just quick 360 around the lens
really nice big it's not metal yeah a
nice a metal tripod mount big meaty I'll
probably keep that on I don't think I
will take it off but yes you can take it
off I actually can't remember how to it
to be honest but I do know you can't
because I've tried in store and on the
front so I do have a filter I don't
normally use filters but this is an
expensive lens in my opinion so I do
have the Hoya
it's a 77 millimeter filter for anyone
who's interested I yeah I'm gonna do
I'll probably do a little bit about this
in my review of this not sure I'm not
sure if I'm gonna keep using this it
could ruin the images we shall see
so let's get these caps off have a look
at the glass table won't find in a
50-quid can buy you and there you go a
huge piece of glass metal mounting very
good let's give this a 5 okay so 2.8 is
their low to like going in great images
and yeah I will be cleaning this lens
before I put it on so don't comment tell
me I'm ruining it and that's about it
guys that is the Sigma is 70 to 200 2.8
let me know what you fault this video if
you want me to do the 35 one and don't
get your blind box recommendations
thanks for watching feel free to
subscribe and I'll see you soon
bye hey youtubers just one last thing
before I go
I completely forgot to mention it and I
really just realized it's the lens hood
this is actually the bottom of this
common looks like the padding's it's
wrapped in the plastic bag and stuff no
idea I forgot it because I've already
watched unboxings and yeah so just show
you it with it on there you go
so beast over lens a little bit so yeah
there it is guys thanks so much for
watching
like I say feel free to subscribe feel
fundament to follow me on Twitter and
I'll see you soon
take a bite